chore(docs): hyperlink component names (#635)
akka/akka-sdk: docs/src/modules/ROOT/partials/concepts-intro.adoc

|Akka Orchestration
|Akka provides a durable execution engine which automatically captures state at every step, and in the event of failure, can pick up exactly where they left off. No lost progress, no orphaned processes, and no manual recovery required.

You implement orchestration by creating an Akka service with the xref:java:workflows.adoc[Workflow] component.

|Akka Agents
|Akka provides a development framework and runtime for agents. Agents can be stateful (durable memory included) or stateless. Agents can be invoked by other Akka components or run autonomously. Agents can transact with embedded tools, MCP servers, or any 3rd party data source with 100s of Akka connectors.

You implement an agent by creating an Akka service with the xref:java:agents.adoc[Agent] component.

> You implement an embedded tool within the xref:java:agents.adoc[Agent] component.

Author: ```suggestion
You implement a tool in a regular Java class or embedded within the xref:java:agents.adoc[Agent] component.
```
